Link definition of media profile in senders's behavior (#7)
AMWA-TV/nmos-sink-metadata-processing: docs/1.2. Behaviour.md

## Senders

> `/senders/{senderId}/media-profiles` allows the client to pass an array of [Media Profiles](1.0.%20Overview.md#media-profile) to a Sender and let the device which controls it choose what exact format to use. A client can also pass a single Media Profile to specify the exact format.

Reviewer: `Device` is quite physical. I'm not sure if we should avoid terms which are 100 % hardware or software related. If we should, then I'd propose `underlying component`.

Author: Hows this?

```suggestion
`/senders/{senderId}/media-profiles` allows the client to pass an array of [Media Profiles](1.0.%20Overview.md#media-profile) to a Sender and let the underlying component control which it choose exactly which format to use. A client can also pass a single Media Profile to specify the exact format.
```
